[Music]
homicide chat will be cheap the lovers
cock back
[Music]
you somewhere you put back stomach
wait like before planning on the
pavement in my hood niggas got snow
patients three big a case out what
champion a homicide question ready
come on nigga show your happy brother
God around the coroners is sketching out
they promise you
homicide detectives working looking for
statement half the hook your prints on
the shell case this is homicide chat
really keep the lavas cock back
[Music]
on the side on the side we probably
never come back my automatic heaters big
street sweepers destiny go squeeze
scream homicide like you gotta ride like
they smoke your goddamn cousin in front
of you this is what this summer do make
niggas snap the fuck out the cookouts
over the whole block like when it's all
somebody usually going goodnight
[Music]